[WIP] baremetal: Docs - clarify usage of provisioningNetwork (#4075)
openshift/installer: docs/user/metal/customization_ipi.md

`externalBridge` | `baremetal` | The name of the bridge of the hypervisor attached to the external network. |
`provisioningBridge` | `provisioning` | The name of the bridge on the hypervisor attached to the provisioning network. |
`provisioningNetworkCIDR` | `172.22.0.0/24` | The CIDR for the network to use for provisioning. |

> `provisioningNetwork` | `Managed` | ProvisioningNetwork is used to indicate if we will have a provisioning network, and how it will be managed. May be "Managed" (default), "Unmanaged," or "Disabled."

Reviewer: The verb tense here doesn't match the other descriptions. 

```suggestion
`provisioningNetwork` | `Managed` | ProvisioningNetwork is used to indicate if there is a network dedicated to provisioning traffic, and how it will be managed. Valid values are `Managed` (default), `Unmanaged`, and `Disabled`. See <link to new section describing the options in more detail> for more detail.
```

> `provisioningDHCPExternal` | `false` | *DEPRECATED* use provisioningNetwork: Unmanaged instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`provisioningDHCPExternal` | `false` | *DEPRECATED* use `provisioningNetwork: Unmanaged` instead.
```
